who says there's only one way to build a
dresser we're not gonna get any more
views video this your YouTube voice god
this is a disaster with all the main
people aren't here this is what happens
okay we're [__] this alright alright
video over roll credits I've been
thinking about like you know the cool
bodily functions of animals oh yeah why
we don't get to go through some of those
cool things I was thinking about like
you got like the human baby yes yes it
follows that it can't do anything for
years which is like 16 years contribute
to society babies for taxes continue
watching a video anyways I'll save this
conversation now so watching a video of
some dolphin birth yes dolphin birth
continue dolphin comes out they come out
knowing how to swim that's [__]
awesome yeah we are using us fall down
like through the air and run to the
floor then try to stand and go and then
like wipe off all the goo from them why
can't we you cool stuff like that so
wait so you're are you just talking
about like when you are born why aren't
we more able to survive humans women
born are one of the only species that
can't support themselves yeah like you
know yes yes or as virtually every other
species is like horses can immediately
run dolphins can immediately sweat
hopeless losers because our brains got
too big so we too smart basically yeah
it's not just birth I was thinking about
some other stuff like think humans get
huge but I just you know like they work
out mm-hmm bull like what if you do it
like snakes you know snakes thing how do
they get you they shed their skin and
then they like we shed our skin though I
know but all once yes I would like
like I'm coming over to hang out with
Ryan and I on the door and I just see
like a split open husk of Ryan is laying
in the middle of the floor honey like Oh
give him up in Iowa yeah but then I look
in the corner and a slightly more jacked
pink raw naked it looks like he's had
girls or even better it's like you come
over and it's like I take you down
memory lane you know my god this is my
this is my eight year old shell that ice
that I you know discarded and here's my
12 year old skin you want to try it on
Jacob and we trying to other skin on of
you awesome
you're right delight sorry you're trying
each other's skin on yes because we
shouldn't be what the fluke branch doing
me his skin and showing it to me the
thing I wish is that you know some
monkeys had those humongous red asses
yeah oh yeah I wish I had that happens
right yes a big red ass yes it's like a
balloon and they can laugh really loud
wings also would be very cool but
nothing personal yeah are you on dating
apps Ryan that's a loaded question
not anymore like they were probably
flipping through right it's like red ass
but I thought about like doing it for a
week for to make a video of just like
what that experience is like because I
have absolutely no concept of it and no
interest in ever doing it
I highly recommend it yeah try it well I
don't see what's out there
oh yeah my boyfriend would maybe not
like that I'm not sure which I think
might be that fun there's a bunch of
them though I guess like just right on
that tank this is a caption map that I
did not get to test does anyone how I
seen you press down a minty pad for me
real quick yeah I don't think that
anybody does doesn't help that everybody
trying to run you out no one has point
you're on so we're all unclear on what's
happening but it's very exciting to
watch just drive let's drive you know
this reminds me of eager to know this
kick-ass 20th season of Survivor that's
coming now right now we're in the middle
of it can you guys believe how awesome
it's been so far right forgets how
shocked when Z was it was crazy but on
the show you committed suicide because I
started talking survival the game
managed it crashed I will never bring
this up again it's all winners though 20
winners of Survivor competing in a
championship of the championships
there's a social dynamic to it that's
not in GTA that's very true like really
compelling social nightmare and if you
were on Survivor yes yes I will be one
audition tape for a while nine more
years to go till they've been doing in
nine years knows seven you're a survivor
I'd actually watch it watch it watch
survivor yeah what kind of I watch you
on The Bachelorette [__] yeah Oh even
better that's way better than contender
rejections in passe
Bachelorette your can have all people
come to me no no you're competing for
her oh [__] okay I would lose this I'd
be the first person voted off of that
show The Bachelor and then everyone's me
I want to start watching those because I
feel like they're probably a good time
you know what I'm thinking yes I think
that all sounds way too boring and Ryan
needs some love I think there needs to
be like a fun house bachelor I can't be
a reson gotta be something else just
driving through traffic right because
the GTS broken yeah there's nothing I
could do I've like do the jump it's
broken where was the joke cool yeah
Joyride we don't drive all right based
on where it looks like we are right now
what do you think the pier is it's to
the left so what would be the rules in a
in a fun house bachelor I give them an
in-and-out coupon at the end and then
we'd go have a date do they even make
coupons
a gift card of some sort of roses you
hand them an in and out baby would you
like to go double double all the
comments are gonna be people wanting to
date you and try to win The Bachelor
yeah yeah that's right
since the funhouse fans I isn't an 85
percent skewing male want to compete to
Jake is gonna be
this is honestly just the sweetest gtfo
we're going on the Leviathan not
shooting anyone because we died for us
to win I'm telling wholesome GTA
direction right here you're gonna ask me
a very in-depth question about Survivor
earlier would cut you off go for it
again because I know everyone out there
in the fanbase love survivor right the
only person that deserves to be with
Ryan at the end of this contest is the
only one that's still alive you just
punch that man in the dick yeah well he
had it coming wearing that dumbass
backpacks good point on the key to my
heart it's this cool animal dressing but
it's like the special song part of it
it's like chipotle mayonnaise kind of
with thigh love totally man yes I only
do it on the burger though the fries do
messy it's super fingers all the time I
don't I think I have a there's like a
home video of me somewhere where there's
like a donut on the table and I put my
hands behind my back in it bend down you
don't want to touch you know syncs exist
Jacob and use them after you eat getting
a protein style it's just a lettuce it's
meat on lettuce a lot of how gross is
that sound like then it ceases to become
a sandwich at that point in my mind
still delicious anyone ever had
Whataburger my personal favorite fast
food yes dude how have you had it before
you go to Texas Florida where'd you have
that I dated someone who lives in Texas
for three whole there you go so serious
100% my favorite is the best is the best
it's very good
I've never actually had a little but if
for some reason he always says water
burger a lot of that is a lot that is a
common
it's what we're going to water burger
and we're gonna have a great time yeah
I'm gonna walk in there one water burger
[Music]